I never imagined Floch would
take action this quickly.
It's over if the Jaegerists destroy
the flying boat. So why haven't they?
Beats me. They probably doubt we're still
around, let alone trying to stop Eren.
It's easy enough to destroy it,
but it'll take decades to restore
the tech with most of the world gone.
Plus, they'll want it to ensure
the mainland is empty.
I think the reason they're here
is to capture the Azumabito
with all their boats and stuff.
But the moment they realize
we're here at the port,
they'll blast the flying boat
into smithereens.
Preventing that will be difficult,
even with some of the Nine.
But if we can't manage this much,
we'll never take down the Founder.
Let's plan to--
Traitor
We've gotta kill 'em all at once.
That's the only way to secure the flying boat.
For this to work, we'll need all our
Titans and all your weapons. Got it?
Not so fast.
What?
If we go in recklessly,
the Azumabito will get caught up in it.
Right!
Why should we care about your distant
relatives? They attacked our homeland.
Wait. The Azumabito dying
will pose problems, Annie.
Isn't that right?
It's true. I should be able to
pilot the flying boat on my own,
but without the Azumabito mechanics,
it's just a boat without wings.
Currently, the wings are folded up
to make it easier to tow.
And it's not just a matter
of unfolding the wings.
The original plan was to service it in
the hangar and pilot it after some training.
How long will that take?
I don't know. It depends on the Azumabito.
I see. Sounds like you wanna protect the
Azumabito while they service the boat.
But not just that--without killing any of
the Jaegerists who come to stop us, huh?
If possible. We've known 'em
since we were cadets.
So, what's your plan? Tell me.
How do you plan on buying enough time
for the Azumabito to service the
flying boat without killing anyone?
Let's hear it, Armin. Don't you have a
grand plan like when you cornered me?
There's no such plan. We either
wipe 'em out, or don't and lose the boat.
Hold up! We're here to save people!
And yet, we've gotta murder some of
our friends first?! What the hell?!
True... You guys shouldn't be expected
to help out in this operation.
Nor expected to make
that choice in the first place.
Unlike us, you probably wouldn't
have destroyed the wall that day.
Like I thought, I'm the same as you.
Is that... what he meant...?
You guys don't have to fight.
Eh?
Watch from a safe place
with Gabi and Falco.
If the Jaegerists spot you,
you'll have no choice but to fight.
So, stay out of it.
And just watch you guys
slaughter each other?
Is this even a situation that
Titans alone can solve?
I have no intention of spectating.
After all, the Jaegerists
have killed four already.
Besides, humanity doesn't
have much time left.
I saw Titans crossing the sea,
giving off tons of steam.
Judging by their speed,
they've probably set foot on Marley.
I'm sure the closest cities in the
northeast are already destroyed.
Who knew they'd cross
the sea so quickly?
Just how many have died thus far?
Tell us where Eren Jaeger is headed!
Talk or I'll give you
another elbow to bend!
Magath!
Don't be scared. I won't kill you.
That's a relief.
I changed my mind. I don't wanna
die till I see how this ends.
If you take me with you, I might
just say where Eren is headed.
Securing the boat comes first.
We don't have time to torture her.
Conny, Armin, Mikasa, Jean...
I want to apologize for my behavior
last night. We... were wrong.
I was foolish to bring up justice.
Disgusting as it is, I was desperately
trying to justify my actions.
I feared to look at myself and see
I've become as vile as Marley.
None of you are to blame.
It's wrong to make you bear the
sins of the past due to your race.
Pieck, Annie, Reiner...
You shouldn't have to endure the
world's hatred your whole lives, either.
However, it's our duty to remember
this stupid, bloodstained history
and teach it to future generations.
Eren Jaeger wants to eradicate
everything, and that's unforgivable.
This hell won't end until we turn
away from all this senseless killing.
But... please...
Just this once, look the other way
until this senseless bloodshed is over.
I refuse.
I won't stand by with clean hands.
Just look at all that steam!
We'll never see a day where
history changes more!
Of course, that includes Hizuru's, too.
Civilization will be completely erased
and all lands born anew.
You need not worry
about things anymore.
Just focus on contributing to the island.
Fortunately, you have Hizuru's finest
engineers here to do their part. Right?
If you don't want to lose any more
of them, just do as you're told.
Sorry to spoil your
wonderful mood, but...
Eh?
What "change" are you so happy about?
If you think Paradis Island will be
safe now, I'm afraid you're wrong.
The world will shrink, that's all.
You'll still continue to kill
one another, as always.
Thanks for your thoughts.
I'm starting to think that, too.
But it's very important
to know one's place.
We don't need Hizuru's technology.
If we decide seafaring and
flying boats don't matter much to us,
we'll nip trouble in the bud. Got it?
It's important to know
one's place. Understand?
Floch! Where are you?!
Where are the Azumabito?!
Armin?!
Floch!
Why all the commotion?!
Where've you been?!
Chasing the Cart Titan!
It's with the Armor!
They're swimming away!
Hurry or they'll escape!
We need the flying boat!
Order the Azumabito to get it ready!
What are you--?
What are you doing?!
Why didn't you chase the Cart?!
It's obvious they'd run south!
They... killed Jean and Onyankopon!
Armin! There's the flying boat!
Floch! Send the Azumabito
mechanics out here, pronto!
--Stop!
--Halt!
Daz! Samuel! What are you doing?!
Are those explosives?!
Take those off!
We need it to stop the Marleyans!
They'll get away!
--Wait!
--Calm down, you two!
The truth is, we heard you
guys teamed up with Marley
and wanna use the flying boat
to stop the rumbling, supposedly...
Th-That's crazy talk!
Yeah! If Eren's stopped,
the island is doomed!
Th-That's what I thought.
You guys wouldn't put the island in
danger after we're finally saved, right?
Of course not!
Thank goodness. I don't know what
I would've done if you were traitors.
Just hurry up and take
the explosives off!
You know, despite the
fact they're our enemies,
part of me thought you guys might try
to stop Eren from killing everyone.
What's wrong?
I disconnected the detonator.
Now, if Floch actually listens and
lets the Azumabito mechanics come...
And we somehow get everyone aboard
once the flying boat is ready...
If all goes to plan,
no blood needs to be spilled.
Information Available for Public Disclosure
Flying Boat
Hizuru technology must be used to service the world's first flying boat, which uses Iceburst Stone as fuel. Since it was designed to observe the might of the rumbling, the craft is capable of long-distance, intercontinental flight.
Don't you think it's a little strange?
If they knew the enemy fled south,
a locomotive would get here faster.
Much faster than using horses, at least.
So why would they be sneaking around?
No, there's no proof... But...
Trouble should be nipped in the bud.
We failed!
--Huh?!
--Floch!
Kill her, dammit!
I won't go down without a fight!
Kiyomi!
Enemy attack! Mikasa, Armin, and Conny
have betrayed Eldia! Kill them!
They'll shoot through the window!
Run to the basement!
It's begun...
We've got no choice but
to wipe out the Jaegerists!
Lady Mikasa!
This way, Azumabito!
Hunker down in the basement!
Follow me if you wanna live!
Hey...!
Daz! Stop!
--Armin!
--Don't move!
Samuel...
Daz... Blow up the flying boat. Hurry!
Samuel, you--
You betrayed us, Conny!
Even though you said we'd expand
our lands and eat meat together!
Argh, dammit! Why'd it come to this?!
We're sitting ducks here!
They'll kill us one by one!
It's fine! If we're in a safe place,
the others can let loose!
They're in the basement!
Bring more explosives!
They holed up with no escape?!
No... Could this be...?!
So much for that.
Why'd it come to this?
Nothing can take the violence
out of people. Right, Captain?
Fetch more Thunder Spears!
Daz! Blow it up!
Armin!
Stop!
S-Stop!
Armin!
You traitors! Why?!
Aren't we all friends?!
You are our friends!
But...! I...!
Someone has to be the one to do it.
S-Sto--!
Someone has to be the one
to stain their hands with blood.
Hesitate and die.
Aim the gun and pull the trigger.
All while believing the betrayal
leads to saving the world.
Next episode: "Retrospective."
Retrospective